Here we are in the lesson map.
So far,
we have defined the motion model.
At this point, let's say a Lidar
measurement has come in.
Now, let's design our measurement
model for a laser sensor in 2D.
This will involve defining
the right measurement vector,
Z, the measurement matrix H,
and the covariance matrix, R.
The Lidar sensor output
is a point cloud, but for
simplicity we consider here
that we already analyzed
the point cloud to compute the 2D
location of the pedestrian.
So our measurement vector
Z is just Px and Py.
We also know that our state is
a 4D vector of Px, Py and Vx, Vy.
Now, I would like you to derive
the right measurement matrix H,
which is the projection from a 4D
state to a 2D observation state.
Take a look at the possible
matrices below.